feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/sourcecharposition/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceScriptTiming: sourceCharPosition property"
short-title: sourceCharPosition
slug: Web/API/PerformanceScriptTiming/sourceCharPosition
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.sourceCharPosition
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`sourceCharPosition`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a number representing the script character position of the script feature that contributed to the long animation frame (LoAF).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`sourceCharPosition`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a number representing the script character position of the script feature that contributed to the long animation frame (LoAF).
```

> It is important to note that the reported function location will be the "entry point" of the script, i.e. the top level of the stack, and not any specific slow sub-function. See {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.sourceFunctionName")}} for more discussion around this.

Author: updated
